GDG DevFest Fremont's first year in a row, the conference will bring together 20 developers, managers and entrepreneurs on **March 1** to Fremont CA.

Our focus is the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.

<div layout horizontal center-justified> <a href="https://www.papercall.io/gdg-devfest-fremont-2020" rel="noopener noreferrer"> <paper-button primary>Submit a proposal</paper-button> </a> </div>

## Why is it cool to speak at the DevFest

DevFest Ukraine is not an ordinary tech conference, besides selecting only the best speakers, we help them to succeed in delivering an exceptional quality talk on the stage. Here are few perks that all our speakers get:

-   **Exposure**. By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers. Your talk will be promoted in our online resources and recording published in YouTube channel.
-   **Unique networking**. Being a speaker means you’ll have the unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.
-   **Coaching**. We're in the same boat, after being selected as a speaker our program committee will help you to deliver the best talk possible. We provide information about the audience, presentation templates, feedback on the slides, all to help you to prepare.

## What are we looking for

We're looking for **experience-based talks**, the information that can not be found in the documentation or easily googled. We're looking for your stories, your struggles, research results and experiences with the frontier tools or technologies. Check the [list of topics](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18eGvBr6wdlXsfiZM4EK6SubfL3G1RWj-ABTBN9pngNg/edit?usp=sharing) we're interested in (it is not full and updated all the time).

### Format

You can submit as many talks as you want. This year we accept submissions in two formats:

-   40 minutes sessions.
-   2(or 3) hours workshops.
-   15 minute lightning talks.

### Talks that will not pass initial review

-   Talks about a specific tool/library/project explaining how it works or how to use it.
-   Talks whose focus is pitching a company or project. It’s cool that you mention your company during the presentation, but it shouldn’t be the focus of the talk.
-   Proposals that are not in English.
-   Recruitment talks to attract talent. We strongly recommend you check out [speaking.io](http://speaking.io/) website from Zach Holman. It includes good tips and guidelines for speakers.

## Timelines

**Call for Papers submission deadline is Feb 24, 2020.** Submission results will be announced by Feb 24 or before.

Any questions? Email organizers at [gdgfremont@gmail.com](mailto:gdgfremont@gmail.com)

<div layout horizontal center-justified> <a href="https://www.papercall.io/gdg-devfest-fremont-2020" rel="noopener noreferrer"> <paper-button primary>Submit a proposal</paper-button> </a> </div>
